When the moon rises above the mountain,
it flies up to the sky and spreads its wings.
What is this?
Who is this?
This is the house of the Japanese Emperor Morisawa.
When I look up, I see a red nose.
What is this?
It's a sword.
Is there a sword?
There is such a thing as a sword.
It's not connected to a sword.
The old man is already at the base.
The sky is above and the old man is below.
Did you come here to live?
You came again.
You want to throw yourself away,
dance and fly away.
I thought you were a good old man.
Yes, there are three levels.
The third level is the old man's ride.
It's different from horse riding.
The other person is a good old man and the old man is a good old man.
When I look at it, there is no neck of the old man.
What is this?
Why is there no neck?
The sword is broken from the tip of the sword.
It's the neck of the old man.
The sword came out of the neck of the old man.
What?
What a terrible thing.
The sword came out of the neck of the old man.
I'm going to fix the movie that doesn't make sense.
I'll continue to write the story later.
The sword is 32 times the size of the old man.
What are you talking about?
I was riding on the castle.
I was there.
I was in the middle of the castle.
I was there and started going.
It's life.
Life is short.
It was long when I pulled it.
There was something touching the tip of the sword.
I thought it was a gold ball of life.
What is gold ball?
This is a golden ball of the head.
I think it's a silver.
If you tighten it with a syringe, it looks like a real life.
Mum master...
It hurts!
Wipe with architecture banana
Your bad defending's gone
You need skill to protect the enemy
It's so painful
Chop with the spear
Bit running
Not staffed
Must be suggestive
Even if that means
I'm sick
It was all white.
Don't say such a stupid thing.
One escaped and another one.
What happened?
A big bear came from the back.
Bear?
I saw it for a moment and there was no escape.
Fortunately, I put a azuki bean on its back.
It threw it all over the place.
The bear fell down.
It was dirty.
The bear fell down when I threw the azuki bean on the bear's back.
Why did the bear fall down?
No bear can escape.
Thank you for your viewing.